[Doc] Update Serve architecture doc for 2.0 (#26861)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/autoscaling.md

This section should help you:

- Learn how to use the Serve Autoscaling API.
- Learn how to optimize the Serve Autoscaling parameters for your workload.

To learn about the architecture underlying Ray Serve Autoscaling, see {ref}`serve-autoscaling-architecture`.

## Autoscaling parameters

> There are several parameters the autoscaling algorithm takes into consideration when deciding the target replicas for your deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several parameters the autoscaling algorithm takes into consideration when deciding the target number of replicas for your deployment:
```

**target_num_ongoing_requests_per_replica[default_value=1]**: The config is to maintain how many ongoing requests are expected to run concurrently per replica at most. If the number is lower, the scale up will be done more aggressively.
:::{note}
- It is always recommended to load test your workloads. For example, if the use case is latency sensitive, you can lower the `target_num_ongoing_requests_per_replica` number to maintain high performance.

> - Internally, the autoscaler will compare the number of `RUNNING` and `PENDING` tasks of each replicas and `target_num_ongoing_requests_per_replica` to decide scale up/down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Internally, the autoscaler will decide to scale up or down by comparing `target_num_ongoing_requests_per_replica` to the number of `RUNNING` and `PENDING` tasks on each replica.
```
